hey good afternoon jovial Aurelia one of
the editors of Inquirer dotnet and today
we're interviewing Alicia Mayer who's
helping betta with its campaign we're
just here so where do you start
and what was the reason for you two to
go
I was
I was looking online for new ideas and
stuff did I stumble upon
actually taking your secret yes
it's that one can't secure you guys
continue this is a library they were
like currently using the beach yes
that's how I started when i when i saw
it i got interested
from there I went to bed about Morrigan
and little salt
to adjust to this new lifestyle
basically every day
don't listen people
because they think that you want to be a
hero or some sort but that's not the
point
actually just one we just want to do
what do share to everyone in making or
show everyone
there are a lot of things that I want to
say I just
yeah how did it feel to wear that gun it
was me from leathers right comfy which
ever
very fresh
although it was of course in the winking
and
management
hello
nor knowing that you weren't
inside so it's a fun inside outside
necessary listen
and it's the last question are you also
like attractive the answer in French
over that way from industry to also
become vegetarians yeah you know you
know I'm
my change of leaving but every time they
ask because inventions I'm going to be
in the same thing where they're parking
especially when we're doing a piece and
shoots so they would ask me Alicia where
they have no food for me or I'm gonna
have something
and then there was a so why don't we why
don't you share
and then once they ask why you know for
some people find it offensive
they're quite interested in my friends
who I introduced my new red sequin
sometimes they are really loving it and
they want to get the ingredients
I have turned so much and given I have
not some the others they have told other
friends and more actually rooted besides
stole them from
it's like networking great it's besties
thank you thank you very much